In this museum there are eight rooms. In the first room there are four videos. The first video is about Prayer Plant (Marantaceae) Care — Ep 031.The second video is about hoya plant care tips! | easy care house plants.The third video is about How to take care and keep Dracaena as a plant to tree.The fourth video is about INDOOR FICUS  PLANT CARE: Important Facts (Garden Center TV).In the second room there are three videos. The first video is about hoya plant care tips! | easy care house plants.The second video is about Indoor Succulent Care: 5 Tips for keeping your indoor succulents healthy.The third video is about Care Tips for Indoor Gardenia Plants.In the third room there are two videos. The first video is about 🌺6 Tips For Caring for African Violets!🌺.The second video is about How to care for African Violets and more.In the fourth room there are two videos. The first video is about How to take care of miltoniopsis orchids - water, fertilize, rebloom, potting medium & more!.The second video is about Staghorn.............watering and my care..In the fifth room there are two videos. The first video is about How to Care for Christmas Cactus 🌵🎄  // Garden Answer.The second video is about Easter Cactus! Care & Bloom Encouragement  ||  rhipsalidopsis / Hatiora gaertneri.In the sixth room there are two videos. The first video is about How to Grow Bonsai Trees : How to Care for your Bonsai Tree : Bonsai Maintenance.The second video is about How to grow and care Evolvulus/summer low maintenance plant(Eng/Hindi).In the seventh room there are four videos. The first video is about Loquat tree - grow, care, harvest & EAT (Eriobotrya japonica).The second video is about More Satsuki Azalea Bonsai - Azalea bonsai tree care tips.The third video is about How to take care and keep Dracaena as a plant to tree.The fourth video is about How to Grow Bonsai Trees : How to Care for your Bonsai Tree : Bonsai Maintenance.In the last room there are two videos. The first video is about How to care for succulents | Heather At Home.The second video is about Green Space: How to care for orchids in your home.