In this museum there are eight rooms. In the first room there are four videos. The first video is about "How to care for Orchids" Detailed winter greenhouse cool growing Orchid set up, care and culture.The second video is about How to care for orchids after blooms fall.The third video is about How to care for mounted orchids.The fourth video is about How to take care of miltoniopsis orchids - water, fertilize, rebloom, potting medium & more!.In the second room there are three videos. The first video is about How to care for succulents | Heather At Home.The second video is about Indoor Succulent Care: 5 Tips for keeping your indoor succulents healthy.The third video is about How to care for succulents in the humid tropics.In the third room there are two videos. The first video is about Asparagus Ferns | How to Care for Asparagus Fern Houseplants | Easy Beginner Houseplant.The second video is about Peace Lily Plant Care Tips & Tricks | Peace Lily Houseplant Care.In the fourth room there are four videos. The first video is about Winter Care For Your Koi Pond Watergarden How To.The second video is about "How to care for Orchids" Detailed winter greenhouse cool growing Orchid set up, care and culture.The third video is about Ohio basjoo banana winter care.The fourth video is about Ginger care over winter.In the fifth room there are four videos. The first video is about Loquat tree - grow, care, harvest & EAT (Eriobotrya japonica).The second video is about More Satsuki Azalea Bonsai - Azalea bonsai tree care tips.The third video is about How to take care and keep Dracaena as a plant to tree.The fourth video is about How to Grow Bonsai Trees : How to Care for your Bonsai Tree : Bonsai Maintenance.In the sixth room there are two videos. The first video is about How to Grow Bonsai Trees : How to Care for your Bonsai Tree : Bonsai Maintenance.The second video is about Bonsai Specimen Ficus Retusa - Tiger Bark tree, maintenance and care Part 2 by Iqbal Khan.In the seventh room there are two videos. The first video is about 🌺6 Tips For Caring for African Violets!🌺.The second video is about How to care for African Violets and more.In the last room there are two videos. The first video is about Gardening & Plant Care : How to Make a Rooting Tonic.The second video is about "How to care for Orchids" | How To Identify Phalaenopsis Orchid Bud or root?.