In this museum there are eight rooms. In the first room there are two videos. The first video is about Plant Care Tips : How to Grow Hanging Plants Indoors.The second video is about Best hanging basket care tips.In the second room there are two videos. The first video is about How to plant an easy fill hanging basket for winter - Thompson & Morgan.The second video is about Should I change how I look after my plant during winter? 🌱 ❄.In the third room there are two videos. The first video is about How to keep your hanging baskets and planters blooming and looking good.The second video is about Anderson Seed and Garden Keeping your hanging baskets & planters looking good all summer.In the fourth room there are two videos. The first video is about DIY Hanging Rain Gutter Garden // Garden Answer.The second video is about Staghorn ferns hanging in whale rib cage. In Singapore garden..In the fifth room there are four videos. The first video is about Tree planting in hanging bottles on wall.The second video is about How to plant an easy fill hanging basket for winter - Thompson & Morgan.The third video is about Plant Care Tips : How to Grow Hanging Plants Indoors.The fourth video is about How to grow and care orchid plants in a hanging pot.  “Aponbhoban Bonsai”.In the sixth room there are four videos. The first video is about How To Make A Burlap Liner For Hanging Baskets.The second video is about How to plant an easy fill hanging basket for winter - Thompson & Morgan.The third video is about How to keep your hanging baskets and planters blooming and looking good.The fourth video is about Hanging basket arrangement using shade loving plants and coco peat.In the seventh room there are two videos. The first video is about How to grow and care orchid plants in a hanging pot.  “Aponbhoban Bonsai”.The second video is about Taiwan’s orchid growers face challenges retaining their competitiveness in changing global market.In the last room there are two videos. The first video is about Tree planting in hanging bottles on wall.The second video is about How to prune a hanging mulberry tree.