In this museum there are seven rooms. In the first room there are two videos. The first video is about How to care for orchids after blooms fall.The second video is about Do I have to repot my new orchid while in bloom "drop potting".In the second room there are two videos. The first video is about How to grow and care orchid plants in a hanging pot.  “Aponbhoban Bonsai”.The second video is about How often I change out my water in my water culture orchids..In the third room there are four videos. The first video is about How to take care of miltoniopsis orchids - water, fertilize, rebloom, potting medium & more!.The second video is about How to care for Phalaenopsis Orchids - Watering, fertilizing, reblooming.The third video is about Watch me fertilize and water my phalenopsis orchid in full water culture..The fourth video is about Watch me water and fertilize my orchids growing in bark!.In the fourth room there are four videos. The first video is about "How to care for Orchids" Detailed winter greenhouse cool growing Orchid set up, care and culture.The second video is about How to care for orchids after blooms fall.The third video is about How to care for mounted orchids.The fourth video is about How to take care of miltoniopsis orchids - water, fertilize, rebloom, potting medium & more!.In the fifth room there are two videos. The first video is about How to save a Phalaenopsis orchid with no (or with few) roots plus cutting the stem.The second video is about How to save a phalaenopsis from Rhizoctonia Fungal Root Rot & growing orchid keikis from cut spikes.In the sixth room there are four videos. The first video is about Orchid Growing for Complete Beginners.The second video is about Watch me water and fertilize my orchids growing in bark!.The third video is about What type of media should you grow your orchids in?  Water levels for full water culture..The fourth video is about The Garden Gurus - Growing Cymbidium Orchids.In the seventh room there are two videos. The first video is about How to pollinate the Vanilla orchid, step by step.The second video is about Winter-blooming orchids stepping up.